It's the late 47th century and humanity is no longer bound to the Earth. With the revolutionary invention of the Bell drive several hundred years ago, a hyper-efficient re-imagining of earlier fusion rocketry, humans gained the ability to truly take step off planet.

**Earth** is still here of course, but it's been forever changed. Climate change and rising sea levels in the past three thousand years have pushed humanity to adapt its approach to living on our home planet. It now serves as the garden of the Solar system, and the once overpopulated masses of Earth have been dwindled and separated by wealth inequality. Few born on Earth leave it for good — even fewer non-Earthers ever make it down the gravity well. 

**Luna** boasts the achievement of being the first body to harness human life outside of Earth, but now exists primarily as a shipping port for Earth. The vast amounts of food sent up from Earth reach Luna first, and then are distributed to the rest of the Solar system. As a result few view Luna as a permanent home, but despite this it is constantly bustling with movement. Many industries and communities use Luna as a meeting point or a base of operations in the disparate collection of homes that humanity now has. While Luna technically functions under an independent government, the astute observer would notice that the lists of strong influences on the politics of Earth and Luna are nearly identical.

**Galilea**, known more officially as the Democratic States of the Galilean Moons, is the unofficial capital of the outer Solar system. With Jupiter's four largest satellites as members, this collective government has grown to symbolize the freedom of living severed from Earth's influence. While each moon has its own culture and identity, they roughly come together in opposition to the Mars and Earth's attempts at expansion. Although they don't possess an official military, an underground militia known as 421 acts as a more aggressive deterrent to inner system's forces.

**Mars** is truly humanity's second home, irregardless of Luna's earlier boast. With a surface gravity of 0.3g, Mars was just comfortable enough for humans to stay there long term. Over time the planet of Mars and its budding population started to see themselves not as expatriates, but as the next step in humanity's timeline. As powerful people migrated to Mars in mass to escape the tightening regulations on Earth, Mars managed to slide itself from under Earth's thumb, without the need for revolution or conflict. It now serves as the technological and academic hub of the Solar system, with halls and campuses that emulate the feeling of old Earth culture.

The **Ito and Tournier Stations** were the migration points for Earth's working class after the independence of Mars. These ring stations inhabiting Earth's fourth and fifth Lagrange points are the first structures to see the birth and death of humans who have never set foot on a planet. Granted, the difficulty of life in low gravity before low-g adaptive medicine kept those lives short. These ancient stations now serve as the center for industries that moved off-world, and are run and maintained collectively by the Lagrange Worker Unions.

**Leandres' Station**, also known as **Leandres' Shipyard**, was built initially as an outpost for the early mining operations in the outer Solar system. Situated in Jupiter's L4 point, it had natural access to many asteroids caught in the gas giant's gravitational equilibrium. The shipbuilding powerhouses moved their operations to the station as it grew in population and influence. While some smaller shipbuilders work out of other stations in the system, the ones with the most resources and market share call Leandres' their home. Naturally, so do the ship-obsessed pilots who consider themselves hotshots.

**Titan** is the most recent colonial effort of humanity, having only been settled in the past hundred years. To most, settling Titan seemed to be an unnecessary effort, with Saturn's distance from the rest of civilization. To Titanians, the moon is the only truly autonomous place in the system. A harsh world to inhabit, Titan is a destination that few will ever see. Other people's experience with the moon and its strange people come only from their interactions with Titanians who travel back to the rest of the universe, to gather supplies and recruit those who are curious of a truly isolated life.
